hyperdrive: detail metrics (#13923)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/hyperdrive/reference/metrics.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Metrics and analytics
weight: 20
---

# Metrics and analytics

Hyperdrive exposes analytics that allow you to inspect query volume, query latency and cache ratios size across all and/or each Hyperdrive configuration in your account.

## Metrics

Hyperdrive currently exports the below metrics as part of the `hyperdriveQueriesAdaptiveGroups` GraphQL dataset:

| Metric                  | GraphQL Field Name         | Description                                                   |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Queries (qps)           | `count`                    | The number of queries issued against your Hyperdrive.         |

Reviewer: Not technically qps, it's the number of queries in whatever date time dimension, or total if no dimension specified.

> | Queries (qps)           | `count`                    | The number of queries issued against your Hyperdrive.         |

Author: ```suggestion
| Queries                 | `count`                    | The number of queries issued against your Hyperdrive in the given time period.         |
```

> | Cache Status            | `cacheStatus`              | Whether the query was cached or not. Can be one of `disabled`, `hit`, `miss`, or `uncacheable`. |

Reviewer: There are a lot more possible values here. Would be nice to have an enum but that's not supported yet.

Reviewer: Here are all the values for cacheStatus:
```
'disabled',
'hit',
'miss',
'multiplestatements',
'notaquery',
'oversizedquery',
'oversizedresult',
'parseerror',
'transaction',
'uncacheable',
'volatile'
```

| Query Bytes             | `queryBytes`               | The size of your queries, in bytes. |
| Result Bytes            | `resultBytes`              | The size of your query _results_, in bytes. |
| Connection Latency      | `connectionLatency`        | The time (in milliseconds) required to establish new connections from Hyperdrive to your database. |
| Query Latency           | `queryLatency`             | The time (in milliseconds) required to query (and receive results) from your database. |

> | Query Latency           | `queryLatency`             | The time (in milliseconds) required to query (and receive results) from your database. |

Reviewer: Duplicate line.

> | Query Latency           | `queryLatency`             | The time (in milliseconds) required to query (and receive results) from your database. |

Author: ```suggestion
```
